src/VideoIntelligence/README.md, before:

# Google Cloud PHP Video Intelligence

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/google/cloud-videointelligence/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/google/cloud-videointelligence) [![Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dm/google/cloud-videointelligence.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/google/cloud-videointelligence)

* [Homepage](http://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-php)
* [API documentation](http://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-php/#/docs/cloud-videointelligence/latest/readme)

**NOTE:** This repository is part of [Google Cloud PHP](https://github.com/googlecloudplatform/google-cloud-php). Any
support requests, bug reports, or development contributions should be directed to
that project.

This client supports transport over gRPC. In order to enable gRPC support please make sure to install and enable
the gRPC extension through PECL:

```sh
$ pecl install grpc
```

NOTE: Support for gRPC is currently at an Alpha quality level, meaning it is still
a work in progress and is more likely to get backwards-incompatible updates.

## Installation

```
$ composer require google/cloud-videointelligence
```

Commit message:

Add notices to all clients which use grpc

src/VideoIntelligence/README.md, after:

# Google Cloud PHP Video Intelligence

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/google/cloud-videointelligence/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/google/cloud-videointelligence) [![Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dm/google/cloud-videointelligence.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/google/cloud-videointelligence)

* [Homepage](http://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-php)
* [API documentation](http://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-php/#/docs/cloud-videointelligence/latest/readme)

**NOTE:** This repository is part of [Google Cloud PHP](https://github.com/googlecloudplatform/google-cloud-php). Any
support requests, bug reports, or development contributions should be directed to
that project.

If it is not already installed, you will also require the gRPC extension. For installation instructions, [see here](https://cloud.google.com/php/grpc).

NOTE: In addition to the gRPC extension, we recommend installing the protobuf extension for improved performance. For installation instructions, [see here](https://cloud.google.com/php/grpc#install_the_protobuf_runtime_library).

## Installation

```
$ composer require google/cloud-videointelligence
```
